Part 1: Laravel Installation:
-----------------------------
1st Step:   Open VS Code
2nd Step:   Open terminal or command prompt.
2nd Step:   Navigated to the desired directory, The file in which I will install the Laravel project.
3rd Step:   Run this command for create a new Laravel project:  
            composer create-project --prefer-dist laravel/laravel my-app



Part 2: Laravel Folder Structure:
---------------------------------
app: The "app" folder in a Laravel project contains the core application files and logic. It includes essential components such as controllers, models, views, middleware, and other classes that are responsible for handling the business logic of the application.

bootstrap: The "bootstrap" folder contains files that initialize and bootstrap the Laravel application. It includes the application's entry point, service providers, environment configurations, and other files required to set up the application environment and prepare it for execution.

config: The "config" folder contains various configuration files for the Laravel application. These files define settings related to database connections, application services, caching, file systems, session management, and more. Developers can customize these files to configure the application according to their specific requirements.

database: The "database" folder is used for database-related files and migrations. It contains migration files, which are used to define and manage database schema changes, as well as seeders, which are used to populate the database with initial data. Additionally, the "database" folder may contain factories and database-related configuration files.

public: The "public" folder is the web server's document root for the Laravel application. It contains the index.php file, which serves as the entry point for all incoming HTTP requests. The folder also contains publicly accessible assets such as images, JavaScript files, CSS stylesheets, and other static files.

resources: The "resources" folder contains files and assets that are used during the development of the Laravel application. It includes views (blade templates), language files, SASS or CSS stylesheets, JavaScript files, and other resources that are processed and compiled to generate the final output that is sent to the client's browser.

routes: The "routes" folder contains route definitions for the application. It includes web.php for defining routes that handle HTTP requests coming from web browsers, and api.php for defining routes that handle API requests. These route files specify how the application should respond to different URLs and HTTP methods.

storage: The "storage" folder is used for storing various files generated by the Laravel application, such as logs, cached files, session files, and uploaded files. It also contains subfolders for framework-generated files, such as those related to caching, sessions, and views.

tests: The "tests" folder contains unit tests and feature tests for the Laravel application. Developers use this folder to write automated tests to ensure that the application functions correctly and to catch any regressions that might occur when making changes to the codebase.

Vendor: The "vendor" folder is not initially present in a Laravel project. It is automatically generated when you install dependencies using Composer, a dependency management tool for PHP. The "vendor" folder contains all the third-party libraries and packages that your Laravel project relies on, including Laravel itself and other packages specified in the project's composer.json file.